# swagger-client
The Importer extension gives a GeoServer administrator an alternate, more-streamlined method for uploading and configuring new layers. The data endpoint controls uploading layer data to specific import jobs. The importer extension is an optional install and may not be available on all deployments of GeoServer

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [http://geoserver.org/comm/](http://geoserver.org/comm/)

## Requirements.

Python 2.7 and 3.4+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on Github, you can install directly from Github

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client 
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.ImporterDataApi(swagger_client.ApiClient(configuration))

try:
    # Remove a specific file with id {filename} from the import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
    api_instance.delete_import_data_file()
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling ImporterDataApi->delete_import_data_file: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://geoserver:8080/geoserver/rest*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ImporterDataApi* | [**delete_import_data_file**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#delete_import_data_file) | **DELETE** /imports/{importId}/data/files/{filename} | Remove a specific file with id {filename} from the import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**delete_task_data_file**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#delete_task_data_file) | **DELETE** /imports/{importId}/tasks/{taskId}/data/files/{filename} | Remove a specific file with id {filename} from the task with id {taskId} within import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_data**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_data) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/data | Retrieve the database connection parameters for an import with id {importId}. Only applies to database imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_data_file**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_data_file) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/data/files/{filename} | Retrieve information about the file with id {fileId} from the data of an import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_data_files**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_data_files) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/data/files | Retrieve the list of files for an import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_task_data**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_task_data) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/tasks/{taskId}/data | Retrieve the table description for a task with id {taskId} within import with id {importId}. Only applies to database imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_task_data_file**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_task_data_file) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/tasks/{taskId}/data/files/{filename} | Retrieve information about the file with id {fileId} from the data of a task with id {taskId} within import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.
*ImporterDataApi* | [**get_task_data_files**](docs/ImporterDataApi.md#get_task_data_files) | **GET** /imports/{importId}/tasks/{taskId}/data/files | Retrieve the list of files for a task with id {taskId} within import with id {importId}. Only applies to file/directory imports.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Database](docs/Database.md)
 - [Directory](docs/Directory.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [FileContents](docs/FileContents.md)
 - [Files](docs/Files.md)
 - [Message](docs/Message.md)
 - [Table](docs/Table.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author

geoserver-users@sourceforge.net

